[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: You've a question.
>> Speaker 2: It might have been covered
but you say, you can't use
.collar.applied to dynamically set this.
>> Aaron Frost: True, you cannot.
Well, you can try to, you will get
an error but it won't do what, when
you look at it you'll be like, it's gonna
overwrite this and use this as the this,
but it's not going to do that, actually.
>> Speaker 3: Can you-
>> Aaron Frost: I just wanted to
say this eight times in one sentence.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE] be like
you found something twice.
It's gonna take the first value.
>> Aaron Frost: If you bind it twice?
>> Speaker 3: If you said .bind .bind cuz
The result of a .bind is a function,
so you can bind a .bind, but
it's not gonna take that second-
>> Aaron Frost: The second
one?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Aaron Frost: Same concept here
then, right?
>> Speaker 3: Exactly.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah, so okay, so
someone else asking
a question that I skipped?
I didn't mean to.
If I did, I'm sorry, okay.
Still use functions.
So, let's go back to our widget guy.
And we've got we've got
a function on our net right and
it's a function, we agree?
So what if I,
>> Aaron Frost: I'm
gonna copy this to the Traceur REPL.
>> Aaron Frost: Can everyone see this
okay?
>> Aaron Frost: Everyone
see this code okay?
>> Aaron Frost: Okay, so I'm gonna change
this to be an arrow function instead
of an anonymous function just so
we can see why you still gonna use
function, irregular functions.
So I'm gonna say blah,
wait I'm not gonna say
that I gonna say haha,
okay?
>> Aaron Frost: I'm actually gonna
refresh cuz every time I type it's
adding another bloody click listeners.
I'm actually in a refresher real quick
just to get rid of the freakin' listeners.
Okay, so you guys see what
happened when I clicked the body?
>> Aaron Frost: It can't find, undefined,
not a function.
So it's trying to do
something on the this.
So why don't we do this real quick.
>> Aaron Frost: So what's this?
Window, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we've got we've now got this new.
We've got this new this that's the window,
okay?
And the reason is because when it was go
through the code ,it was setting this up
and it was okay evaluate that
line evaluate this line, if I,
don't execute it yet
just freaking load it up.
Get this put this on the.
Had to bind this function init to
whatever that this was at this context.
And what's when the page
is loading what's this?
Like when it's just going through and
parsing everything what's this?
It's the Window, right?
At least in the browser in node it's not
the browser obvious not one, anyway,
so it's the goal, so it's going to bind
all your individual widget functions,
straight to the window, which is stupid.
So yeah that's exactly weird, because the
window doesn't have a do something, and
the widget has to do something still, and
if I change this guy,
to also do it, guess what?
The window now has a do something feature,
okay?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah,
it's still not going to work.
Anyway, my point in what I'm
trying to show you guys is
you're not gonna just replace all
functions with arrow functions.
Otherwise you're going to be
like who did this to my code.
I don't know how to do this anymore so
yeah, just like know what
it is be cool with it, accept it for
what it is and use it where you need it.
Don't I mean anywhere where you would
have said of if var me equals this or
you would have used a bind
you can use this, okay?
And new people coming into JavaScript and
they see this once in a while.
People use this function.
They're going to have to know,
they're going to have to explicitly
learn why they're doing it that way.
Just like he learned, I'm going to
explicitly use function bind and
why I said,
I'm going to use var me equals this,
I'm going to save a reference to this.
Because we had to learn it on the fly and
so people coming in are still going to
need to learn to use when you
want to use a federal function--
an arrow function versus
a regular anonymous function.